[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Which species had the most
influence on human design?
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, we will uncover
how the leap in human evolution
created a vehicle for humans to
transcend the third dimension.
The design of every species was
held by the sixth dimension.
So us, in other
dimensions, we designed
the patterns and the
purposes of every species,
every race in every world,
every planet, every system.
So those patterns
and those structures
were already settled for
everyone in every reality.
So what we could do with
that in the fourth dimension
and the third dimension was just
to play with those tools that
were given to us,
so we could try
to improve our own genetics,
our own way of being.
So for other beings
and other planets,
what they started to do was
to reach for those planets
where the evolution and
the patterns of creation
were able to adapt to their
own patterns of creation.
That would be the
main characteristics
of the species being born from
water, Earth, fire, and air.
Those beings were, in
the normal evolution
for every planet
and here on Earth,
they were the perfect design to
make improvement and evolution
for a natural order.
There was no alien and
no Confederation involved
in the creation of
the species on Earth.
It was just Earth
trying to evolve itself
in different ways, in
different patterns,
using the main tools that the
sixth dimension gave to us.
So from there, it was just
improvement after improvement
through the patterns of
evolution in this planet.
But they knew that
this planet, Earth, was
in the process of awakening.
So through millions
of years, they
started to reach this
planet, to watch this planet,
to see how was the
evolution of this planet.
So they tried many
times to create
a civilization in
this planet, not only
from one million years ago but
also from before the dinosaurs.
We had many tries to
create civilizations
in different times
of our history,
before dinosaurs, with the
dinosaurs, after the dinosaurs.
And we were trying to see what
the planet was trying to reach.
But one of the
things that made us
know that humans
were the chosen ones
was because we
started to use words.
Humans took a different
path in geometry
that was not exactly the
same like other beings
on the planet.
They started to recognize
themselves as a being.
They could recognize themselves
and think about themselves
and saying for the first time or
kind of say for the first time,
I am.
This moment in which
I introduce myself
to another being with my
hands, with my movements,
with my eyes, with
my language, sounds
was the moment where not only
tetrahedron cube, icosahedron,
and dodecahedron
were working on us
but also was activated
the octahedron.
When the essence
was activated on us
and the natural
order of the planet
was trying to evolve
into consciousness,
the other planets
in the Confederation
started to feel that
vibration, that there was
a species recognizing itself.
We can understand
this like if we
could imagine that the whole
galaxy is like a big spider
web.
And there are some species
that are like spiders
in different planets.
So when you see
those spiders, they
are still in their
planets, waiting
for the waves of vibration
and time to be felt by them.
So they could see and
reach, by vibration,
where there is something new
vibrating in the same level
of consciousness.
That's how the network works.
They just, being in
their own planets,
start to feel that
something is changing
in the purpose of the
network, that something new
is vibrating.
For some planets that
are those spiders,
they felt like we are
new spiders in evolution.
And for other planets,
we were like a fly.
And every aware
being in the galaxy
knows that when they feel
this vibration that resonates
with them, it's because not
only a species is becoming aware
but the planet is
becoming aware.
And that was the main key
that told us that Earth
was thinking about who she is.
She stopped to evolve normally
through the four elements
and suddenly awakes the fifth
element that united them all,
that is the awareness of itself.
This vibration resonates
in the whole universe,
in the whole galaxy, and every
planet that is aware of itself
tries to reach that information
and to seek that information.
And the most similar vibration
between Earth hominids
and the galaxy that we
share was in Arcturus.
So that's why Arcturian
people realize
that this planet was able to
handle their own vibration
and their own patterns.
This is how the
Arcturians started
to codify these
patterns of geometry
that they have into
the idea of putting
those patterns in those
hominids in that new planet
so we could develop
our consciousness.
But it was not because they
were interested in humans.
They were interested
in speaking with Earth.
The only way you can
speak with a planet,
with the consciousness
of a planet,
is if there is a species able
to speak and able to think.
The goal in the galaxy is
not about civilizations.
It's about how
civilizations allow
us to talk with the planets,
to talk with the self.
So in order to
improve these new cell
phones to talk
with this planet we
needed to create
a better pattern
to improve the hominids
becoming Homo sapiens sapiens.
The first humans
were born in Africa,
but the Homo sapiens sapiens
were born in the Middle East.
The human was created
around that area
because that region there
has so much power and energy.
It's one of the main portals
of the whole flow of vibration
in the planet.
200,000 years ago when the first
Alithir came to this planet
was to bring all the
information of the blood
of every other
being to communicate
with the blood of the planet.
We have to recognize that
it was not about humans.
It was about the planet.
They were trying to
talk with the planet.
So the first codes
from every planet
has to be in the
water of this planet.
That's why the
Alithir came to settle
in the islands of
the Pacific, so they
could be in touch with the water
and bring that information.
After that, the
other races started
to come to the main
portal of energy
in the planet, which
was Middle East.
The plateau of Middle East with
Iran, Turkey, Arabia, Syria,
and Sinai, all of that
plateau has so much energy
that allowed them to
come and took humans
to make the improvement
of all the consciousness
of other planets in this planet.
So the first ones to be
arrived to do this kind of test
in Middle East were the Aessir.
The first humans to
be prepared were women
because they were able to
reproduce and to improve
the DNA.
So women were chosen to
create this new species,
this new race.
And it was in what we
call now the Persian
Gulf, which in that time
was called the Eden Garden.
Eden was a place where
the Aessir, the Anunnaki,
were able to test
with women, with men
and make the improvements
for the human design,
while the Arcturians
were designing the humans
through geometry and DNA.
We can say, in such a
way, that Arcturians
were working in the
laboratory, and the Anunnaki
were putting the strength in
our blood by living with us,
by being in touch with us.
So both experiments were
the same in different ways.
Arcturians were
using the Anunnaki
so they could improve
how humanity would be.
They needed some
species more stronger
to be in touch with humans.
And Anunnaki, they were
the only one more similar
to us that could live
in the third dimension
and that were a little
bit more accepted
by the immunological
system of the planet.
So that's why, while
Arcturians were designing us
in geometry and patterns
and DNA from above,
they were living with us
and using us physically.
The Arcturians realized that
the pattern of the being
is the octahedron.
And that octahedron is
like the seed of reality.
We call that the
seed of universe.
The octahedron is like a
small diamond that connects
every reality with the self.
So what they did was
to improve the chakras,
not only to be
engines to move energy
but also to be itself a
being, each one of them.
So what they did was to
improve our way of walking
to be straight, looking
forward, and to align
every code of the octahedron
one over the other one
so the flow of energy
would be better
and we would be able
to channel like trees,
the light and the darkness
all in the same correct way.
There are two ways to
channel information.
One way is surrounding Earth,
doing like horizontal moving
of energy.
And there is another
way, vertical.
So animals move the
horizontal, and we
were the only ones uniting the
consciousness of the vegetals
and the consciousness of
animals by being animals that
can breathe and be like trees.
This improvement
of consciousness
in geometry and patterns help
us to channel the information
and to be connected to
the network of information
of the whole universe.
Being in this shape,
with our heads
up, looking to the
sky, what allows
us was to become like
hills, like mountains,
downloaded all the information.
And that moment that we
became like the torus
itself, in geometry
within, we were
able to download all the
culture information that made,
in just 50,000 years,
made a very quick leap
in the creation of
Homo sapiens sapiens.
When a being realizes
that he or she is,
the personality starts to begin.
It starts to create
the idea of someone.
So that means that for the
first time, I can say, I am.
And the word for "I" or
"I am" in Latin is "ego."
Ego sum, in Latin, means I am.
So when I say "ego,"
it means that I
recognize that I am an
individual separated
from the other ones.
So when we start, we have
two stages or three stages
to recognize the ego.
The first one is
the subconscious,
which is very far away
from us and the meaning
of what the ego is.
In the subconscious,
ego means everyone
being the reflection
of just one truth.
In the unconscious,
it means the being
that tries to survive
besides the other ones.
So in the process
of unconscious is
I recognize that
I am a being and I
have to survive over
those other beings.
And the process of
consciousness is
when I recognize that I am
a reflection of the one self
and that I have the power
to transform reality.
So in the process of creation
of humanity, naturally,
we are the subconscious
ego of the planet.
So we are in need to
understand who we are.
That's the main question
that, from the ancient times,
we have-- who we are.
Why we are here.
And that's the subconscious
answer and questions
that the planet has.
Then we have the unconscious.
The unconscious ego is the ego
based on the animal and plants'
emotions.
I have to survive.
I have fear.
So this ego is the same
than the other ones,
but it is willing to eat
as much energy around
to survive itself.
And that's the ego we are more
related to because we are still
unconscious.
Naturally, in this
world, all animals
tried to live as
short as possible.
And that's because our
main goal and the only goal
was to improve genetics and
to pass the information as
soon as possible.
So that's why we needed to
reproduce as soon as possible,
so we could die at
the moment that we
see that our sons
or daughters are
improved projects of ourselves.
So every being in this planet
doesn't have a long life,
like a mammal, because we
needed to improve constantly
in the world where we were.
We started to live a
lot, like many years,
like hundreds of years,
even some of them
like thousands of years when
the first geneticists came
and they adapted their
codes of DNA to our bodies.
So a few of the people, like
in Mu, like in Atlantis,
they were able to live a
lot longer than any other.
But those people were
called the Blue Ones.
So the Blue Ones were
special in our planet
because they were
able to live a lot.
But when we say a lot,
it's different from what
we think now.
A few of them, because they were
more close to Arcturian people,
they were able to live
like 500 or 1,000 years,
but they were the less of them.
Other ones were able to
live, like, 80 or 90 years.
For now, for us
today, that's normal.
But for that time, humans
usually used to live 35 years
and that was too much.
So living 80 years, it
was like living a lot.
And why did this happened?
Because the energy of
and improvement of DNA
allows us to transcend
information not only by blood
but also by mind.
So when we started
to work with mind,
we discovered that we
were able to live longer,
because we were able to achieve
more information being alive.
And we recognized that
biology was not the only way
to survive in this planet.
And that's why we improved
ourselves to live longer.
And also, because
of the programming
of the DNA from Arcturus, it
helped some of us live a lot,
like thousands of years.
But the problem with that was
that we were repeating exactly
the same problem that we
had in the fourth dimension,
that the idea of this planet,
as many of other planets,
is to improve the being and to
transform ourselves constantly.
For the sixth
dimensional beings,
death was not the ending.
It was going to the cocoon
to become a butterfly.
So it was a process that
we needed to transcend
our idea of who we are.
Because the one self is just
one but reflected in so many
that we needed to
experience those
many to understand the self.
So that's why we needed to die.
In one hand, we have the
process of, the natural process,
that helped us to die because
we needed to improve ourselves.
And in the other hand,
there was some other beings
that were trying to
structure ourselves
so much that they created
so many illnesses, viruses,
and lots of things
that could attack us
so we could not live longer.
And their main
goal was that if we
don't reach farther than 33
years old or 35 years old,
then we will never reach
the moment of alignment
in emotions.
The first part of our life,
which is until our 21-24 years,
is the time when more
energy we create.
So for many beings
from other dimensions,
if we reach how to
handle by ourselves
that amount of energy,
it meant the end
of their harvest of energy.
So that's why also
from other dimensions,
they needed us to die
as soon as possible
so we could have as much energy
we could have and then die
and create a new one,
a new one, a new one.
So we would never reach
the age of balance, which
would be after 52 years old.
So in different
dimensions, there
were different projects for
us to shorten our lives.
So there were many reasons
why we had to live shorter,
because we needed to transcend.
In just one word, we
needed to transcend.
So that's why if we live
for thousands of years
without consciousness what we
could do is to kill the planet.
Because the only ones that
can live thousands of years
are the beings that are
aligned and balanced
with everything in the
planet, like the oldest trees,
the mountains, the minerals.
Otherwise, imagine a
civilization like us
that lives in unconscious,
living thousands of years
and using their resources
for thousands and millions
and millions and millions
of people that doesn't
know how to handle a planet.
So that's why we need to die,
otherwise, the planet will die.
The beings from
other civilizations
also had to go through the
subconscious and unconscious
ego to reach the conscious ego.
When they reached
the conscious ego,
they just recognized
that they were
an expression of their planet,
an expression of the galaxy,
an expression of
their own stars.
So they recognize the
power of the self,
but they respect the power
of the other selves, which
they know they are other
parts of themselves.
So ego is something
really useful in evolution
because in the first stage,
it helps us to survive.
Ego helps us to understand
that we have to keep living,
that we have to
transcend information
through lives, through
death in our whole lives.
So ego is not something bad.
It's what makes you
know who you are.
The problem of ego is
when it's unconscious
and you think that you have to
survive in your environment,
that you have to fight in order
to take care of your place.
That's the animal
way of thinking.
So what we have to
do is to improve
our ego, which is the self,
which is the octahedron.
When we have this
organized being
in every one of
our chakras and we
have this alignment in
every one of our chakras,
the ego stops being something
that tries to make us survive
and becomes something that
helps us to recognize who we are
and the power to
transform reality.
It's important to know that
within many thousands of years
trying to go outside
this planet and still we
do today, looking
to the stars trying
to see from where we came
from: gods; aliens that
came from the stars to
create us and in such a way,
we are trying to go back home
and try to reach the stars
and to see the heavens.
But the reason why we were
here is because Earth.
It's not because we
were created on Earth
to go outside the planet.
It's because in the
structure of the universe,
every planet is a portal
to get into any dimension.
And to recognize that we
humans are Earth and that's
the meaning of human.
"Human" means in
Latin, "earthy."
So when we recognize
that we are Earth,
that we are part of Earth and
that everything that happened
in our history,
it was to teach us
how to be bounded to
this planet and how
to reach the depth
of this planet,
it helps us to understand
that we have an important task
to accomplish
here, which is make
this planet aware of
himself, herself, itself.
So everything that we
do in our normal lives
is creating thoughts and
understanding for the planet.
And we have to
leave away this idea
that we are a species
over a rock that is just
floating in the universe.
We are this rock.
We are this being, and
this being is thinking.
And the main reason why we
know the Earth is thinking
is because we exist.
So when we change our
mind and stop thinking
about Earth and
humans and we start
to call us Earth, that's the
most important thing that we
could do to remember that every
civilization that accomplished
to be in the Confederation to
bring balance to the galaxy
is not because they
reached the mind,
it's because they
reached their heart
to be bounded to the
core of their planets.
They became their
own planets, and they
resonate with the planet.
And that's what made them a very
high-level conscious beings.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explore
how the agriculturers work
with the sixth dimension
to influence human evolution.